does it send a powerful message to a
child when their parents sit them down
in front of a videogame that includes
hunting hunting animals for meat and
when the parents say to them this is
something normal and natural and healthy
and good yes I actually want to live in
Animal Crossing and it is one of two
games that I can say I legitimately
became obsessed with to the point where
I was like shirking responsibilities to
the point where I had to actually stop
myself playing the game because it was
just not it was not it's not a good
habit to have you know it wasn't good
for me I mean it was crazy like I was I
was playing it so much I was I got the
voice chat and everything so I was going
to like these little like
eight-year-olds Islands and like talking
to them and like their mom from
Sacramento or whatever oh man it just it
got real sad I actually want to live in
Animal Crossing you know I don't think
the game would ever mmm like with the
game ever have it so that you're like
catching pigs or something I mean I know
there's obviously like a size issue
there but doesn't that feel different
than just taking a net and catching some
you know little butterfly or you know
using a fishing hook to just reel in a
carp or whatever I can't help but laugh
because all I think of is me playing
breath of the wild and mercilessly
destroying all of these adorable like
much more you know realistic looking
still not super realistic but you know
what I mean all of these adorable
animals like for their meat I don't know
it just I can't help but laugh because
we're talking about like the cutest most
innocuous little game I actually want to
live in Animal Crossing
when I grew up and I'm talking about my
childhood here not even my teenage years
I really noticed the difference between
the hysteria amongst parents about the
influence of black American culture
African American culture as opposed to
white American culture and at that time
they were both about equally noxious so
there was this tremendous concern
amongst parents that watching
rap music videos and listening to rap
music would normalize the behavior of
fighting over a girl with knives and
guns settling a dispute through violence
much the same themes that one hears in
country music has to say you know
glorifying the role of the outlaw and
criminal again something that might be
familiar to you from the Wild West in
movies and TV shows and in country music
and you know there seemed to be a
strange lack of concern that listening
to what was going on at that time in
white Western rock and roll music guitar
based music might normalize a life of
getting drunk doing drugs chasing women
or in some cases even just a life of
living for nothing but beer and whatever
poultry sensual indulgence says this
life had to offer you all of these
parental concerns sincere or insincere
racist or not are built on the
underlying assumption that exposure to
media entails normalization of air here
on YouTube I now see many many African
American men coming on camera and saying
honestly yes the were influenced growing
up by hip-hop movies they saw hip hop
music they listened to hip-hop role
models and what would be mysterious
about this you know in the same way that
white people can talk about within
various strata
culture whether it be reading the
biography of Napoleon as a child or what
they saw in video games movies music or
cartoons why would it be in any case
mysterious or hard to prove that people
consciously model their behavior on
examples that they find in popular media
and in some cases they're models that
they may seek out in popular media okay
does it send a powerful message to a
child when their parents sit them down
in front of a video game that includes
hunting hunting animals for meat and
when the parents say to them this is
something normal and natural and healthy
and good yes I mean what can I tell you
I think it would influence a child much
less to see the brutal reality of what
hunting really is than to see the sort
of glorified antiseptic you know
digitally designed simulated version of
it in these video games when I was a
child it's not worth telling the whole
story I once accidentally caught a frog
I really genuinely did not want to catch
this one I once accidentally caught a
fish too and I ran to my father really
concerned and freaked out I didn't want
to kill this animal wasn't trying to
catch a fish I was just playing in the
water how I got well what the hell what
am I supposed to do with this you know
and my father didn't really have any
patience for heads but you know to
actually see a fish whether trapped in a
basket or on a wire or what-have-you and
to see the brutality of what it means to
kill an animal different children
respond to that in different ways to see
the stream line simulated version of
this where you just you know you get an
extra thousand points added to your
score or an animal crossing another
thousand bells where you're rewarded in
a monetary sense in the game that it's
just Bing Bing Bing you know this is
just presented as something positive and
entertaining and wonderful and wholesome
and good in a time when fewer and fewer
people actually are involved with
hunting fewer and fewer people are
involved with fishing even in a country
like
Japan you can do a survey ask both
adults and children
what percentage of you actually engaged
in hunting or fishing in the last year
it's now a tiny tiny percentage of
people who really engage in those
activities but huge numbers of people
engage in this digitally simulated world
that normalizes and reaffirms these
values and really does in a sense
glorify them saying that it's presented
in a way that's abstract and cute and
harmless doesn't make the problem better
it makes it worse in the same sense
presenting the life of an outlaw whether
it be a Wild West outlaw or a hip-hop
outlaw to me makes no difference whether
they be black or white whether it be in
South America or Europe or North America
presenting that in a way that makes it
seem fun and fancy free and without
consequence in the same way when you
take out the blood and the agony and the
gore when you take the gravity there are
these ethical decisions doesn't doesn't
make the effect on children more
harmless on the contrary I think there's
a really solid argument that it makes it
makes it more harmful when you look back
at your own life I don't think it's
difficult to see the movies and
videogames and even perhaps songs that
influenced you as a child what's
difficult to do is to take
responsibility for the decision you made
in choosing that song choosing that
videogame choosing that movie or why it
was you respond to that theme right on a
shallow level within my own life why did
I gravitate towards hip-hop music and
why did I reject Axl Rose you know the
white western guitar music at the time
that in terms of the schoolyard most of
my friends and most of the children I
knew or white and listen to guitar rock
music and I reject it why I may not have
an answer for the reason why right why
did I find certain role models and
certain lessons in the history of the
world and not others it's very very hard
to get take responsibility for that when
you look back your own childhood because
of course you were thinking and acting
with the mind of a child
and what's easy to do when we look back
is to ask ourselves recriminate and
regretting why didn't my parents provide
me with something better why was it that
so many hours of my life were spent with
Mario Brothers or animal crossing or GI
Joe or transformers or spider-man or
Superman why was it that these were the
powerful influences in my life or maybe
for you it was boy bands New Kids on the
Block arpan I'm not so great with these
cultural references you know maybe it
was Britney Spears I've known both males
and females who were powerfully
influenced by Britney Spears and when
they look back they can attest to that
they can reflect on the influence this
had in their lives
what they can't do is tell you why what
they're left doing is regretting that
someone some parent some teacher some
older brother didn't explain to them
what was wrong with this didn't explain
them the ways in which this was unreal
or really would give them a warped
distorted misleading sense of reality
what they're left doing is regretting
that they weren't provided with
something better whether as a role model
or simply as a sense of entertainment
because exposure to all of this stuff
whether we choose it for ourselves or
not is indeed normalizing
[Music]